docs: improve README for Webpack loader (#83)
microsoft/griffel: packages/babel-preset/README.md

npm install --dev @griffel/babel-preset
```

## When to use it?

> - If you are building a reusable library, please use Babel preset (this package)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For library developers, please use the Babel preset (this package)
```

> - If you are building an application please use [`@griffel/webpack-loader`](../webpack-loader)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For application developers, please use [`@griffel/webpack-loader`](../webpack-loader)
```

## Transforms

> This preset is designed to perform build time transforms for `@griffel/react`, it supports both ES modules and CommonJS thus can be used in post-processing after TypeScript, for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This preset is designed to perform build time transforms for `@griffel/react`, it supports both ES modules and CommonJS, thus can be used in post-processing after TypeScript, for example.
```
